DOCS-2305: Email corrections (#1306)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/tools/reports/automatic-reports.md

* Costs breakdown per transaction OR total costs 

> Send the requested documents to our Integration Team at <integration@multisafepay.com> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email the requested documents to the Integration Team at <integration@multisafepay.com> 
```
